# NC Testing Sites

This map depicts COVID-19 testing sites in North Carolina as of December 6thth, 2020. <a href= "https://covid-19-giscorps.hub.arcgis.com/pages/contribute-covid-19-testing-sites-data#"> The data </a> used to create this map comes from the GIS corps, a volunteer group that makes COVID-19 data available for the public. The dataset was filtered to only show data from North Carolina using QGIS, but data for the rest of the US is available for use. This map was inspired by the article <a href= "https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article247648210.html#"> “NC reports more than 6,400 new coronavirus cases Sunday, topping high set on Saturday” </a>. I chose this article in particular because it features lots of nice maps of COVID-19 related data for the state of North Carolina, but none of them are interactive. The article details the record numbers of coronavirus cases that North Carolina is experiencing but does not provide resources for people to use to be more informed about their particular area. The map that I created can be used to find testing centers by county. Red and grey icons help to differentiate between sites that offer testing and screening or testing only. Click on an icon to learn more about the center. This map could be shared in this article as a resource for people to find testing centers near them that offer the COVID-related service they need. 

Contact Jess McClelland at <a href= "mcclellandjr@appstate.edu#"> mcclellandjr@appstate.edu</a> with any questions. 
